#For admin:
Logging in/Signing up as admin
  1.	Enter as admin
After logging in:
  1.	Add a delivery boy
    a.	Enter the details of the delivery boy
  2.	Add worker
    a.	Enter details of the worker
  3.	Add/remove special offers
    a.	Use details like max discount and minimum order value
  4.	Add/ remove seller
    a.	Enter details of new seller and also using details delete a seller
  5.	View all orders
    a.	A prompt which allows the admin to view orders

#For customers:
Registering as a customer:
  1.	Enter the details to register a new customer with the database.
Logging as a customer:
  1.	Login using the user id and password registered in the db.
  2.	Add/remove product to cart
    a.	Enter the name of the product to be added
  3.	View all products or group by using category
    a.	Choose between viewing all products or viewing them category-wise
  4.	Apply special offers
    a.	Allows the customers to apply their special offers
  5.	View order status
    a.	Customers can view what orders they have placed till date.
  6.	View Cart
    a.	Allows the customers to view all the products they have added to their cart
  7.	Remove product from cart
    a.   Allows customer to remove any product from their cart.  
  8.	Checkout
    a.	Allows to complete the order by confirming the products in the cart

#For sellers:
Logging as seller:
  Log in using user id and password which is registered within the database
After logging:
  1.	Sell products
    a.	Seller can add products by adding their details
  2.	Change product cost
    a.	Sellers can change the cost of a product using the product id
  3.	Discontinue selling products
    a.	Sellers can choose to discontinue selling a product using the product id 

##Assumptions:
1.	Only a customer can add product feedback by giving review and rating to the products.
2.	Offers are made according to the minimum price. We have a percentage discount and Maximum discount.
3.	One cart can be associated with many orders but one order is associated with only one cart.
4.	Customers cannot view the product directly they have to either login as a customer or register as a customer first.
5.	Their can be multiple admins and each one of them can add or delete different products, categories and sellers.
6.	Admin can view the order details of every customer but customer can only view the details of his order.
7.	Each product will belong to some unique category and there would be some categories where they may not be any products.


